~StOtE's LOOP SET~ volume 1
----------------------------
 (c) Andrew Sargeant 1996
----------------------------

This is the first set of loops i have released, some i like, some i
don't ... but i'm sure there's something there for most people ...
This collection is not focused on any particular style, future sets
will include techno, industrial, electronic, funk etc... whatever i
come up with. 

Feel free to distribute these files, but please credit me as the
creator. Please don't use them for commercial purposes. You may find 
yourself with legal problems if you do so, some sounds are under 
copyright to their original artists. You may remix these loops, but
please credit me as the original creator.

All loops are 44khz mono 8 bit PCM WAV files and were created for use in
Impulse Tracker or any tracker that is free of the 64k limitation. You'll 
notice some are cut at the correct loop point while others have reverb ring 
out at the end, this is for IT's 'continue' NNA. Some of the loops failed 
to sound correct if they were cut. By enabling the 'continue' NNA the reverb
continues naturally instead of dropping out as the sample loops over.

Future collections will be made up of *all* original sounds from my library 
that i have recorded with my band and in my spare time. Some were recorded in a
a studio, while others were recorded on DAT from certain places (one being an
old pottery works). For my all original collections i'll distribute the 8 bit 
versions for free. If you want the 16 bit version for commercial use i ask for
a small (undecided) fee.

You can contact me on : stote@peninsula.starway.net.au to inquire about this.
If you require specific loops i'd be happy to create them on request.

Sounds are from : the 'Earth Tribe Rhythms' CD (only one). All other
bongos are played by me and my band, one of the loops is courtesy of my 
mouth and some snare and bass hits are from my drummer, Scott Debanardi.
Other single hits are from the Gravis Pro Patches collection as well as 
various drum machines (Boss and Korg) ... These can be found on the official 
Gravis Website (http://www.gravis.com). The future version of Impulse Tracker 
will support .PAT files, so you won't need a Gravis card to use them. There 
is also a conversion program (PatRip) which converts .PATs to .WAVs and
.SMPs for now ...

Future loop collections can be down loaded from http://www.citenet.net/noise
(this is also where all my music is distributed from, as well as a whole heap
of other talented MOD musicians work)
Or wherever else they end up! :)

that's about all ... enjoy ... :)
oh yeah, Impulse Tracker roqs ... so USE IT! ...

--- StOtE / NOISE / Catch22 / TpT ---





