        F_LOOPS1
    (No, it don't mean Fruit Loops. The "F" is for FAC)


Hi, this is Ganzo from FAC Software. I have listened to several songs
and most of them have something in common: the damn drum loop.

So that's why I'm now releasing some basic drum loops for anyone who
don't want to worry too much about the drumline and rather focus in
the main melody.

I only released 4 basic loops because this is just a test. That means,
if I get enough responses, then I'll keep releasing original drum and
bass loops. If I don't get any responses, then I'll think that this
release was a mistake and I won't release more of this samples.

OK, now... the files are these:

        F_LOOPS1.TXT : Whaddajaknow?
         ^
       (don't you hate underscores?)

        A-1.XI  - A nice dance loop
        A-2.XI  - Fill in for the dance loop

        B-1.XI  - A smooth not-too-underground rap loop
        B-2.XI  - A VERY simple fill in for B-1

        C-1.XI  - A slow-tempo'ed loop
        C-2.XI  - Whatchuthink?

        D-1.XI  - An energic hip hop loop
        D-2.XI  - The same as above, but less energic
        D-3.XI  - A made-in-a-hurry fill in for the D loops


... that's about it. I hope you could use these samples. Now, don't just
put the loops in your song. Be creative and add some claps, toms, fill-ins,
silences & intros, etc... These loops are just meant to be the base rhythm
of a song. Put everything you want above them.

If you like the samples and do anything with them, or want me to release more
samples, please contact me in the following address:

        ganzo@galia.fc.uaslp.mx
                             ^
                             |_____ That's right. Mexico rulz!


Now... technical stuff about the samples:

All the samples are in XI format. Recorded at 22 Khz and 16 bits. I composed
the loops in FastTracker II and then convert them to WAV using the Mod4Win
phat program and then back to .XI using CONVERT.EXE by I don't remember who.

Special Thanx to these people:

        
        Guys that provided the samples: Zauron (wattup?)
                                        Sam Eassa
                                        Tek
                                        Whoever released the TYPHOON samples

        Guys that provided the software: Vogue & Mr. H
                                         The Mod4Win guys
                                         The CONVERT.EXE guy.

I'm sorry about the names. I got a baaaaad memory.

Peace. Enjoy the samples.

